{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36907562/55706662-9ae24f80-5996-11e9-9557-3a8440c5926a.png"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 }}\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Hack Day\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/iesdinc/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://join.slack.com/t/ie-sd/shared_invite/enQtNTY1NDU3MTg4NDE5LWZiNjViZmQ0ODhmN2Q0NTg1NWQwZTcyODEyYmM4ZGYxNjZkM2UxYzU5OTZkMDY4YzljYjIwZGY4YmEyNzRlNjA"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 }}
\b0\fs32 \
Welcome to the official repository for the IESD Hack Day event.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Getting Started\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf4 This repository has the resources to get you prepared for this month's Hack Day event.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 No starter code provided
\b0 \
If you have any questions, please ask on our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ie-sd.slack.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 Slack}}. We welcome everyone to our Slack, so don't be afraid to join! Have fun coding!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://join.slack.com/t/ie-sd/shared_invite/enQtNTY1NDU3MTg4NDE5LWZiNjViZmQ0ODhmN2Q0NTg1NWQwZTcyODEyYmM4ZGYxNjZkM2UxYzU5OTZkMDY4YzljYjIwZGY4YmEyNzRlNjA"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \strokec2 Join our Slack!}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Concepts to Review\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf4 This section provides you some concepts to review that will make your time working on the Hack Day project much easier.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 ASCII text strings\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 String manipulation\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Unit testing\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Git & GitHub\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Technology\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf4 This Hack Day challenge is language agnostic. We will not force you to use a specific stack. Your tech stack is dependent on the composition of your team.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Challenge\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 Description
\b0 : DNA is a very stable and compact storage medium. The language of DNA consists of four bases, each of which may be thought of as a character in the DNA alphabet. For our purposes, these characters (in order) are: A, T, G, and C. We would like to store digital data in DNA!\

\b Challenge:
\b0 \'a0Construct a program in the language of your choice that satisfies as many of the following objectives as possible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Tasks\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 Objective 1:
\b0 \'a0(20 pts) Provide a mechanism to encode arbitrary standard ASCII text strings as DNA. Recall that ASCII characters have numeric values of 0 to 255.\
Input: a, Output: TGAT\
Input: cat, Output: TGACTGATTCTA\

\b Objective 2:
\b0 \'a0(30 pts) Using your favorite unit test framework, write the unit tests you feel are necessary to adequately test the code you wrote as your answer to object one.\

\b Objective 3:
\b0 \'a0(30 pts) Create a simple user interface for users to interact with your program - input/output for your program.\

\b Objective 4:
\b0 \'a0(30 pts) RNA is very similar to DNA, but it replaces T with U. Make your program capable of encoding as either DNA or RNA.\

\b Objective 5:
\b0 \'a0(40 pts) Provide an interface for identifying standard ASCII text substrings encoded as DNA; the interface should provide the zero-based index where the substring begins or -1 if it does not exist.\

\b Objective 6:
\b0 \'a0(40 pts) DNA actually consists of two, complementary strands that are attached in such a way that every A matches T and G matches C (and the inverses). Given a complementary strand of DNA, output the ASCII equivalent of the primary strand.\
Examples:\
Input: ACTGACTAAGAT, Output: cat\

\b Objective 7:
\b0 \'a0(50 pts) Add the ability to log all requests. Store the input, the time it took to convert it from ASCII text to DNA or RNA, output and a time stamp.\

\b Objective 8:
\b0 \'a0(80 pts) Given two (single) strands of DNA, provide an interface that allows finding the longest common subsequence of the two. Recall that common subsequences need not be consecutive.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Approach\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Using the language of your choice, please implement as many of the objectives as you can in the time provided.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Submit your code by a public github repository. Your repository should include instructions on how to set up, compile & run your application. You can assume your instructions will be read by a developer.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Winner will be announced the day after, each team will be provided a PDF delineating their scores.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Innovation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf4 Have an idea for an innovative feature for this project? Each accepted innovation that is completed will earn you a total of 50 points.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Innovations must meet the following criteria:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Must have completed at least 70% of all objectives\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Must be a new idea (creative and original) - talk to an organizer first\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Must not cause any regression in user experience\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Scoring\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf4 Based on the point system under tasks, you will also be on the hook for an\'a0
\b additional 10 points
\b0 . Your project will be reviewed and given points (not deducted points) if any of the factors below are met or exceeded.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Factors in scoring:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Code simplicity\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Documentation\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Code commenting\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 UI Design / Visualization Design\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Presentation\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Teamwork\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Collaboration (Git & GitHub commit messages, PRs, comments, review, etc)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Simplicity will be favored over complex/clever code. Commenting code will also be highly favored.\
}